Business Status meeting [14.04.19 19:30]
========================================

Meeting is done weekly for tracking the status of the hackerspace since we are close to zero money point since losing our last major donor.

These meetings started after a major meeting we had around February about the situation, where it was agreed overhelmingly that people wanted TAMI to remain.

In order to do that we agreed on a number of measures designed to increase income and reduce expenses.

These meetings are tracking the progress of those initiatives.

What follows are the notes.

This file is on git, anyone can submit a merge request to update it:

 https://github.com/telavivmakers/tami-meetings/

Meeting Notes
=============

Participants:
 Yonatan
 David
 Omer
 Noam
 Assaf

Alon gave an update on our cash flow per the bank:
 8412.92
 Alon will create a number for +/- from last month, and maybe a graph.

 Remaining this month:
  Lawyer 4380 debt - not sure if will be payed this month. Will try to split.
  - need to follow up with Yair
  3850 - this month's arnona 2018

David & Jonathan update on the open night
 - many first time people
  - 25-35 new people guestimate
 - from 7/7:30, people started leaving after the bereshit crash (~11:30)
 - to keep
  - omer was at the metal working room all the time
   - there were needed 2 people, Omer came by accident but was crucial
 - for next time:
  - make a demonstration with schedule
   - metal working had it
   - not other places
  - There was not enough organizing help:
   - most was on Ronen
   - there was not enough preperation
  - missing 3d printer place
  - people expected a guide, there were not enough people to give that
  - wood working room did not always have a person
  - board for workshop registration:
   - was not visible enough
   - had 3 fixed workshops, should have an option to suggest a new workshop
  - don't take a break without finding someone to cover for you
  - bety: do not put food and drinks inside
  - suggestions:
   - make another two explanation points:
    - circuit making
    - arduino
 - good things
  - Yoav brought a physical game he created in the last few years, physiotherapy interactive mat

David and Jonathan will organize the next event, scheduled for next month:
 - date TBD

David suggested printing QR codes of the donate buttons
 - will be done after the meeting

wekan.telavivmakers.org exists, for anyone

Assaf will build a plexiglass donation box to replace the not very visible existing box

Jonathan: working on making paying one of easier
 - donation box location with computer and box
 - Asaf will work with Jonathan for the computer

Noam is lecturing on __ on Tuesday

Assaf wants to start a new second Workshop
 - Starts to learn on July
 - waiting for paypal help

Jonatan Patreon
 - we have two:
  - one for workshops / merchandise (i.e. t-shirts)
  - one for supporting the space
 - next work item is a marketing video
  - He think it is critical
  - found someone to work on it

Visibility (Jonathan, David, Bety)
 - Bathroom - WIP Jonathan
 - Library
 - Painting things


David is restarting the TAMI out and is going to make a cleanup effort.

Yair updated about lawyer that helped us with Arnona in the past
 - we own him
 - he agreed to reduce it to 2000 nis (about half)

Alon to schedule a monthly meeting
 - for raising concerns that don't fit anything else
 - to drink beer
 - to do concentrated cleanup efforts
 - to show off



Adjourned 20:35

---
wekan


