Agenda for meeting of 2019-06-02:
- Bank status
- Following up on registered interest in workshops
- Other events in June
- Intro to TAMI retrospective


19:25 Start
Present: Terry, Asaf, David, Arie, Shay, Jonathan

- Bank status: currnly unknown, request info from alon/ronen
Jonathan:
folowing up on the intro to tami workshops is critical 

- workshop for marketing workshops
- let's make the fliers and send them out

Shay - locksmith workshop
3 people arrived 
it was interesting
Instructor left 100NIS donation for beer


Intro to TAMI retrospect:
Asaf: Was really good overall
to improve: we should have the paper of the event - mostly in the begining and in the end

Arie: 
was nice, i asked people where did people come from. people came from ashkelon, gadera - we're a national site. people are really looking for such things.
from the conversation i had to change and to demonstarte what is the work on leather, and sewing. 
we need to think in advance on how to tranfer the experience of each station.
SIG - special interest group - let's set them up and this can also be useful for intro to tami (related)
TAMI sticker per tami person is a must & LOGO, & tami card per member
Asaf: make a TAMI STAFF T-SHIRT
QR for TAMI

Max:
- not enough women, not enough designers - we need softer and funner touch to the flier
- map of the place
- color coding each station

Elish - attended intro to TAMI joining the meeting

- was really good to have the stations
- was not enough "welcome to tami" 

Jonathan: this was my job, was swamped with questions and never got to it. 

Elish: it can be less formal, more like mingling, but it does require more people at the reception
The 3-d printing of gadgets for sale was really cool

For next event - make a styled 
make for next event microworkshops

David:
you said everything
people should know What is tami
for metal room specifically - make samples and projects during the event, and also ready in advance

Shay, Terry , Jonathan and Ronen wrote in the document, the things written here will be added to that list.

Jonathan: When should be the next event?
In any case , before the next event we should all review the lessons.

Other business:
Arie: what about day for cleaning and ordering the place?
Jonathan: I want ot set up a makeathon at the last weekned of the month
Arie: I want another sweing machine and a station for plastic

Jonathan: the area in TAMI is not well used, lots of dead places
gallery above metal room - totally unused
Laundry room - is it used?
Asaf -i'd like to make a paint room
Noam uses it for laundry
Shay is interested in people for קפה תיקונים
Meeting ends 2010
